feat(genapi): update deprecated models (#5831)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models.mdx

These models can still be accessed in Generative APIs, but their End of Life (EOL) is planned according to our [model lifecycle policy](/generative-apis/reference-content/model-lifecycle/).
Deprecated models should not be queried anymore. We recommend to use newer models available in Generative APIs or to deploy these models in dedicated [Managed Inference](https://console.scaleway.com/inference/deployments) deployments.

<Message type="note">
    `mistral-small-3.1-24b-instruct-2503` and `qwen2.5-coder-32b-instruct` are now deprecated. After November 14th 2025, requests to these models are now redirected respectively to similar or better performance in most use cases: `mistral-small-3.2-24b-instruct-2506` and `qwen3-coder-30b-a3b-instruct`.

>     `devstral-small-2505` is now deprecated and cannot be queried after November 14th 2025. We recommend to switch to a similar performing model, such as `qwen3-coder-30b-a3b-instruct`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `mistral-small-3.1-24b-instruct-2503` and `qwen2.5-coder-32b-instruct` have been deprecated as of November 14th, 2025. Requests to these models are now redirected to versions offering similar or improved performance in most use cases: `mistral-small-3.2-24b-instruct-2506` and `qwen3-coder-30b-a3b-instruct` respectively.

`devstral-small-2505` has also been deprecated and is no longer available after November 14th, 2025. We recommend migrating to a comparable model such as `qwen3-coder-30b-a3b-instruct`.
```
